1. The most proud project
It is a project that tries to improve the speech recognition quality. First please let me briefly describe the scenario and background a littl bit. Nowadays speech recognition accuracy is already very high, but it often fails on some special name queries, especially the tail business names. Name query is something like Safeway, Costco, and it can also be a local restaurant or other businesses. When the name query is popular, speech recognition can do it very well. However, if the name is not very popular, speech recognition performance is not very promising, and it is very common for the users to query some local businesses. For example, there is a restaurant near my office, city center bellevue, and its name is nibbala thai restaurant. Because nibbala is not very common in our training data, speech recognition often recognize it to nearby thai restaurant.
I proposed to leverage knowledge graph and search query click logs to resolve this problem. Knowledge graph contains a lot of entities and their metadata, also the relationships between them. When the query is a local business, it is more likely to be a business in the area of the user's location, so I invented a geographical language model by using knowledge graph. Different city has different language model, and the language model is adaptive based on the user's location. Meanwhile, I also rescored the utterance probability based on the context within the conversation. If the first utterance is "show me the thai restaurants near me", the utterance that contains restaurant entity will be boosted among the top N best candidates. The experiment shows a significant improvement on local query set.
I wrote a paper about it and published it in InterSpeech2017 conference, which is a top conference in speech recognitino field. The company also filed a patent for me. During the conference, the head of the cortana speech recognition team showed a very strong interest on it, and the guys from Google and Apple also asked a lot of questions. When I returned from the conference, cortana team scheduled several meetings to discuss more details about it, and I helped them to implement my idea in cortana as an consultant.

2. How do you handle the conflict between you and your manager
First I want to say it is very rear for me to have conflict with my manager. I trust my manager, because 1) good relationship with my manager is very important, and it can make my life easier if I can get my manager's support. 2) they are already qualified to be a manager, and that means they are strong and above average. 3) They have more opportunities to contact the leadership, so propabably they know much more information than me. However, sometimes I may still have the conflict with my manager regarding some concret project. I remember one time we want to improve our search relevance, and my manager told us we need to improve our location understanding. That is fair, because our location understanding part does have issues. For example, we can't understand the street, or pois. However, we actually have other issues that is more severe than location understanding, which is simple category queries, like restaurant near me, hotel in seattle. We may return hotel agents for hotel queries, since we may not understand the query is asking hotel, and we may not understand an entity is a hotel. I think these queries has higher query share and users expect us to do a perfect job. If we can't handle the simple query well, how can we handle the complicated queries with complicated location, and how can the user trust us? I prepared some data, like the query share, metrics of each kind of query, which can show how bad we are doing for a parcitular kind of queries, and I told my manager my thoughts, and showed him my data, then he was convinced we need to spend more resoures on the simple category queries. At last, we improved our query understand and entity understand for the simple category query, and we reduced the gap between G and us by more than 50 percent.

3. Tell me one project you failed
It was a project about entity categorization. The goal of this project is classify the local entities to the categories defined in our taxonomy. For example, we need to know whether a local business is a restaurant, or a hotel, or an auto repair. When the query is restaurants near me, we will only return the entities that are classified to the restaurant category. The accuracy of the entity categorization is very critical in local category search. Google has the data provided by the business owner, and the business owner has strong motivation to provide them the correct data due to their dominant market share. However, business owner doesn't care us too much, so we don't have the data. Therefore, we started from the data provided by our partners, but their data sometimes are wrong, so we hired a lot of editors to manually assign the correct category for the top entities. I build an internel portal to make it convinent to manage the category assignment. However, we depend on another team to give us the entities, and each entity has an unique Id. Then the editors use my portal to assign categories to each entity. However, the team that provides ue the entity are not able to gurrantee the consistency of the entity IDs for the same entity. The entity ID may change after some time, and it is not very easy to trace back what the previous id is, so at last our category data become useless if the entity id changes. Through this failure, I learned 1) when starting a project, understand all the dependency clearly and don't make any assumption without any verification, 2) Consider the risk from our parter teams, and assume they may fail, 3) it is better to always have plan B. At last, I proposed a new machine learning approach to do the categorization by utilizing our parter data and our search query click log, and this way can work even the entity ids changes.

4. Tell me a time you take risks but finally get rewards
We want to improve the search quality for our local category search and narrow the gap between us and Google. Local category search is for the queries with local intent, like {restaurants near me}, {hotels in seattle}. At that time, we were not very clear that what we should do to improve our quality. As a tech lead, I took this project and did a very deep analysis on the gap between us and Google, and got the break down of the gap with quantitized numbers. Then we understand which part contributes the biggest gap, and where we should invest. I lead the project and set up the metrics for each component, and finally we end up with narrowing the gap by more 50%. The whole project gets positive feedback from the leadership and we also present our work in front of our VP.

5. Collaboration with your partner teams
Bing has hotel search, and when the query is about hotels, like {hotels in las vegas}, we return a list of the entity on the returned page, and when the user click on see more link, we will open the map and show more hotels. However, it is very show to direct the users to map. I analyzed the latency and got the break down about which module contributes the lantency and what percent they have, like is it caused by the request, or webpage execution, or the application layers, or the database accessing. For each part of them, identity which team is responsible for it, and provide them the quantitized break down. Record the work items to make them see the whole picture and the progress of the other teams, and send update once we got any improvement. Partners team can see their effort finally can improve the user experience and also feel presures when seeing the progress from other teams. Finally we resolved the latency issue.

6. How to work with a poor team member
I think usually this means your team member is behind the schedule. We need to do the following things, 1) make him understand he is already behind the schedule. It is better to make him know gentelly, like showing him the progress of others to make himself feel pressure. 2) discuss deaper with him to understand why he can't make it on time. Is it because he has too many tasks? If so, we can priority the tasks. 3) Understand if there is anything that I can help. If it is a technical issue, find the correct person that can be consulted. If there is anything i can do for him, I can also take some part.
